I think, you know, maybe one that is in our field as well as maybe just
across the board as a whole is, um, you know, alcohol abuse and maybe
the crimes that come with that, you know, depending upon the job
that you're doing, a lot of times it can be stressful environment.
You're doing stressful things. And so for people to, um, kind of unwind
from that and step out of that mindset. What time's the lean toe
to the use of alcohol or other substances? Um, and you know, there's
nothing wrong with having a drink here there. But if individuals start
abusing that alcohol and then that starts leading to issues at
work, missing work, problems with their home life, or even do you wise
things like that, then that's something that you need to be really
aware of. So you have to kind of understand your people understand
what makes them tick, understand when they're having a good day and
wins a bad day, even if they don't vocalize that and see if it has
anything that has to do or related to, Ah, you know, alcoholism.